[instrumental music]
Alright, Michelle,
now when your Uncle Jesse
and your soon-to-be Aunt Becky
get married tomorrow
you have the most
important job of all.
Flower girl.
Lovin' it, lovin' it.
What is a flower girl?
Well, believe it or not
a flower girl is a girl
who throws flowers.
I believe it.
Now, you just stand
right over here, honey..
...and you watch
as I demonstrate.
It's very simple.
We simply
step and throw.
Step and throw.
There.
Now, you try, honey.
♪ Here comes Michelle ♪
♪ Here comes Michelle ♪♪
Very good.
That's enough, sweetheart.
I got the point.
You're wasting tissues, honey.
Please, Michelle.
Honey, honey.
It's not funny, sweetheart.
These were trees once.
[theme music]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milkman the paper boy ♪
♪ Evenin' TV ♪
♪ How did I get to livin' here ♪
♪ Somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This old world's
confusing me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you ever seen ♪
♪ Ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kid don't sell
your dreams so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold on to ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a face ♪
♪ Of somebody who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're lost out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waitin' ♪
♪ To carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Dooby do ba ba dow ♪♪
[upbeat music]
(D.J.)
'Ready.'
And...action.
D.J. Tanner presents
the making of a wedding
A D.J. Tanner production
of a D.J. Tanner film
written and directed
by D.J. Tanner.
(Stephanie)
'Cut!'
Aren't you
forgetting something?
Oh, yeah. Sorry.
Action!
Hosted by D.J. Tanner.
Hi. I'm D.J. Tanner.
Cut again!
What about me?
This video is a wedding gift
from me too, you know.
Okay. I see we have
some ego problems here.
Let's take it
from the top.
Action!
D.J. and Stephanie..
...present
The Making of a Wedding.
It's the night
before Valentine's Day.
Tomorrow, Jesse Katsopolis
and Rebecca Donaldson
are getting married.
The Tanner household is abuzz
with pre-wedding excitement
- Ladies and gentlemen--
- Where's Jesse?
Jess! Where's Michelle?
Michelle! Where's everybody?
That was the blushing
bride-to-be herself.
Isn't she radiant?
Oh, I asked Jesse to be here
to meet my parents.
How could he do this to me?
Becky, we're taping this.
Hello.
Everything is fine.
Running smooth as silk.
This better be important.
I was coloring.
Look, it's the flower girl,
Michelle.
Smile, Michelle.
Please, no pictures.
My hair is a mess.
Michelle,
I have a surprise for you.
Do you remember
my nephew, Howie?
Howie?
No.
Well, do you remember
my sister, Connie?
Connie?
No again.
Well, when you were
two years old
Connie brought
Howie here to visit.
You guys were best friends.
I got a best friend?
That's cool.
Come on in, Connie.
Howie, look,
it's Michelle.
- You're a boy.
- You're a girl.
(in unison)
Eww!
You know, Michelle, someday
you're gonna like boys.
But not today.
Michelle, why don't you
show Howie your room?
Why?
Because Howie is gonna sleep
over in your room tonight.
(in unison)
Eww!
You guys are gonna
have so much fun.
I hope she has good toys.
Hey, don't touch my stuff,
you boy.
Steph, come on,
let's follow the action.
Wait a minute.
Nobody's gonna see me
on this tape.
Hi, I'm Stephanie Tanner
niece of the groom,
bridesmaid, camera woman.
I pretty much do it all.
Will you come on?
Becky.
[sighs]
I think something's wrong
with my tuxedo.
That's impossible,
the tailor assured me
the alterations
would be perfect.
Well, maybe I hit
another growth spurt.
[doorbell rings]
My parents.
Where is Jesse?
Where's Becky?
Have you seen this?
[chuckles]
Oh, thank God.
I thought I was shrinking.
- Hi, darling.
- Mom.
Hi, dad.
What took you guys so long?
I thought you were
right behind me.
Well, we were
until I got cut off
by some crazed motorcycle
hoodlum in black leather.
Sorry I'm late.
I got stuck
behind some walnut
driving
six miles an hour.
That's the hoodlum!
That's the walnut.
Uh, no, that's my dad..
...and that's my fiance.
Well, isn't it
a small world after all?
Oh, it's so nice
to finally meet you, Jesse.
Oh, nice-nice to meet you,
Mrs. Donaldson.
Oh, no, you-you better
start calling me mom.
Oh, I'd..
Nah, I-I'd feel funny--
- I said call me mom.
- Okay, mom.
And it's, uh,
nice to meet you...pop?
Oh, you can call
me Mr. Donaldson.
You know, you were driving
a little fast there, young man.
Oh, well, maybe
it just seemed that way
'cause you were driving a tad
on the slower side, sir.
I was keeping up
with the flow of traffic.
Ah, but parked cars
don't count as traffic.
I always say,
"Better safe than sorry."
And I always say, "Moving is
better than standing still."
Oh, you hate each other!
- Ohh.
- What's the matter, honey?
No, now, we don't hate
each other, we don't..
Wa-watch, watch this.
- Pop!
- Son!
See that?
But you don't mean it.
Oh, it's okay, sweetheart.
They'll grow
to love each other.
We'll make them.
Now, you just
sit right here
and I'll go get you
a glass of water.
Where..
Ah, mmm-hmm.
And you two hug
like you mean it.
Oh!
- 'Oh, my God!'
- What the heck?
What is going on in here?
Oh, nothing. Uh,
we were just exchanging pants.
But in a good way.
You see, we were wearing
each other's clothes.
Mom, uh, dad,
this is Joey Gladstone
and my co-host,
Danny Tanner.
Remember those tapes
of our show I sent you?
Oh, of course.
You look taller
without your pants.
Thank you for noticing.
Aw, we missed everything.
Nice look, dad.
Excuse us.
Jess, could I
see you a moment?
Jess, I just wanted
everything to be perfect.
The tuxedos don't fit
Michelle's upset
because Howie's a boy.
You and my dad
hate each other.
Aw, sweetheart.
I admit it wasn't
love at first sight
but...you weren't crazy about me
the first time we met.
Guess it just
runs in your family.
Look, I promise you..
...I'll be friends
with your dad, okay?
- You promise?
- I promise.
All that stuff,
it doesn't matter.
All that matters is
tomorrow at 10 a.m.
you and I are gonna
be husband and wife.
You're right.
- I love you.
- I love you, too.
The last kiss
before the big "I do."
A moment to be treasured.
I'm D.J. Tanner.
[instrumental music]
[exhales sharply]
I am Raphael, the
"Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles!"
Excuse me.
I said, excuse me!
Be quiet, Shredder,
you bad guy.
Let's play Barbie dolls.
I could pull her head off.
Drop that doll,
you turtle.
This is nuts.
I'm out of here.
What did I do?
Boys.
I do.
Ho, I do.
Hi, Jess.
Hello, Mr. Donaldson.
Oh, call me Kenneth.
Kenneth, listen, uh,
I-I'm sorry about before.
We-we got kind of off
to a bad start, didn't we?
[chuckles]
Listen, you're gonna
marry my daughter.
We need to start
acting like family.
Great.
Can you loan me ten bucks?
[laughing]
A little
son father-in-law humor.
'Yeah.'
Jesse, we need to talk.
Yes. Yes, we do.
Listen, sir, I love
your daughter very, very much.
And I'm gonna take very good
care of her. I promise.
[sighs]
Which reminds me, uh..
...I couldn't help but notice
that you ride a motorcycle
you play
in a rock and roll band
you, uh, wear clothes
that should be wallets.
Oh, there's much more
to me than that, sir.
I'm also an Elvis freak.
See, I got pictures,
I got a big color of him here.
- Beautiful.
- That's fine, son.
But you're marrying
my baby tomorrow.
You got to put all
that nonsense behind you.
Yeah, this wouldn't
be you telling me
how to live my life,
would it?
No, I am just offering you
the benefit of my experience.
You know,
you and I are lot alike.
Oh, yeah.
We're two peas in a pod.
[chuckles]
Exactly.
When I was your age,
I was a wild one, just like you.
- No.
- Yes.
Well, before
I settled down to farming
I was on the rodeo circuit.
I could hog-tie a calf
in under seven seconds.
You know, I-I've always
wondered, this is a mystery.
Now, if it's hog-tie,
and it's a calf
why don't they
call it calf-tie?
Stay with me, son. I'm going
somewhere with this, okay?
Now, when I married Nedra
I had to hang up
my spurs and settle down.
And so will you.
- I will?
- Sure.
You're gonna be
a husband with a wife
responsibilities,
commitments.
That's pretty heavy,
isn't it?
Gets heavier.
You plan
on having kids someday?
- Yeah.
- Alright. Now you picture this.
You're holding
your little baby boy.
Jesse junior?
- Jesse junior.
- Oh.
And one look into
that sweet, innocent face
and you'll be trading
in your Harley
for a sensible
family station wagon.
I'm driving a station wagon?
With one of those Garfield dolls
suckered to the window.
Am I listening to talk radio?
All five buttons.
Stop.
Son, what I'm saying is..
...you've had your last
wild adventure
sowed your last wild oat
rode your last bucking bronco.
Get the point? It's over.
Case closed, kiss it goodbye,
the fat lady sang--
I got it. I got it.
Now...if you've
got any doubts
you better not walk down
that aisle tomorrow.
- Understand?
- Yes, sir.
Well...you sleep tight.
Whoa.
[instrumental music]
Jess, it's 7 o'clock
in the morning.
Where are you taking me?
Shh! Joseph, just trust me.
This is very important to me.
Jess, you're getting
married in three hours.
You are getting married,
aren't you?
Joseph, come on,
I'll explain everything
on the way to the airport.
- The airport?
- Yes. Now, come on!
Shh.
Michelle?
Michelle. Honey, wake up.
Have you seen Uncle Jesse?
No "Good morning, Michelle?"
I'm sorry.
Good morning, Michelle.
Now, have you
seen Uncle Jesse?
No good morning kiss?
What was I thinking?
There. Now,
have you seen Uncle Jesse?
No, but thank you
for asking.
I knew she was setting me up.
[knock on door]
Jesse?
Hola, Mr. T.
Kimmy, I'm going through
a major crisis right now.
Hey, we all got problems.
[screaming]
D.J.!
I got to build a moat.
Kimmy, what is it?
D.J., what should I wear
to the wedding?
This dress with these shoes
or this dress
with these shoes?
Kimmy, those are my clothes.
That's why I'm asking you.
I found a note
on the fridge from Uncle Jesse.
- Read it, Steph.
- Wait.
I want to get this
on our wedding videotape.
Okay. I'm ready.
Action.
"Dear family, you must be
wondering where I went.
"I kidnapped Joey
"but we'll be back
for the wedding.
"There was one thing
I had to do
before I got married, Jesse."
Let me do that again.
I can do better.
"Dear family--"
Steph.
Oh, man. Jesse's getting
married in two hours.
Where the heck could he be?
(Joey)
'Jess, you're totally
out of your mind.'
I know. I said I'd
never get in a plane with you.
No, I'm talking about skydiving.
It's crazy.
Joey, people say
it's the ultimate rush.
I took all the lessons,
but I never jumped
because it was too windy.
Joseph,
I got to have this one
last adventure
before I get married.
Well, do you have to do this
on your wedding day?
This is the last hour
of life as a single guy.
I-I, pretty soon
I'm gonna-I'm gonna be married.
I'm gonna have a family
with all the responsibilities.
I mean, what am I gonna do then,
jump out of a station wagon?
Well, you could. Your chute
might not open in time.
Joey, look, I-I have to do
this last crazy thing
before I give it all up
for the woman that I love.
Isn't flying with me
crazy enough?
No.
How about when I do this?
[Jesse screaming]
Don't do that!
I got this
all planned out.
I stashed my Harley,
I got my tux on.
I do the jump,
hop on my Harley
cruise to the chapel
in just enough time
to remousse my hair
and say "I do."
Oh, great plan. Can I make
one little suggestion?
What?
Snap out of it.
Joey, this is something I have
to do for myself, alright?
Alright.
Well, have a safe trip.
Good luck, buddy.
Thanks, pal.
Oh, and Joseph,
if anything goes wrong
I want you to marry Becky.
Whoa.
Have mercy!
Oh, my God.
He jumped without his..
...mousse.
(Jesse)
Did I forget my mousse?
[instrumental music]
This is D.J. Tanner
live at the chapel.
And there's still
no sign of the groom.
Dad, how do you feel?
Oh, I-I feel very confident
that Jesse will
arrive right on time
in the next...18 seconds.
Is that why you're not telling
Becky what's goin' on?
No, that's
because I'm chicken.
You heard it here first.
Dad is chicken.
The flower girl is here.
- Ooh.
I'm ready for the video.
My hair looks fantastic.
Do something.
Now I'll do my fish face.
Hey, Michelle,
where's Howie?
Who cares?
That boy is crazy.
Hello, Michelle.
Hello, Howie.
- You look very pretty.
- You're a hunk.
What's a hunk?
That's what D.J.
calls the paper boy.
Uh, cut, cut.
Everything's ready up front.
Oh, th-that-that's good.
Th-that's very good.
What's the problem?
- Oh, there's no problem.
- You're lying.
I can tell by the way
you won't look me in the eye.
Can you believe this guy?
Okay. There's-there's
a little problem.
You know how every wedding
has a bride and a groom?
Well, you take away the groom
and that's what we have here.
- You took away the groom?
- I didn't take away--
- What are you talking about?
- What do you mean?
- Where is he?
- I don't know. I don't know.
Aha!
Why aren't we starting?
Danny, is something wrong?
Wrong?
Oh, no. Nothing's wrong.
What could
possibly be wrong?
No, everything's
totally under control.
Then why won't you look
me in the eye?
Well, we're, uh,
we're not all here yet.
Well, who's missing?
I know, I know, I know.
- Yes, Michelle?
- Uncle Jesse is missing.
Oh, my God.
Stay calm.
Just because
the groom's not here
I'm not going to let that
ruin my wedding day.
- Mom.
- Oh, honey.
Whew! Made it.
- 'Where's Jesse?'
- Where's Jesse?
Uh-oh.
Joey, where is he?
Ah, he must've stopped off
for a can of mousse.
Oh, thank goodness.
Yeah, he forgot it
when he jumped out of the plane.
He jumped out of a plane?
Oh, well, it's okay.
I took him skydiving.
Last time I saw him, he was
floating safely to the earth.
You took him skydiving?
Well, then where is he? What if
something happened to him?
Don't worry, he said
if anything happens
I should marry you myself.
Mom!
It's alright.
Help!
Becky, I'm coming!
Don't marry Joey!
Help!
[theme music]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Dooby do ba ba dow ♪♪